a.	SCRUM meeting ( 10 minutes)
	i.	Three Questions: - (1) Task complete since last Scrum meeting; (2) Tasks plan for the next scrum; (3 obstacles if any.  (Be sure to invite me or TA)
		-	(You can delay (2) to the end of the lab)..
		
		(completed 15 mins)
		
b.	Review the current Sprint Back Log chart (10 minutes)
	i.	Assign notes/minutes taker and update
		
		AI estimates somewhat off.
		Test based on functionality not timing
		Notes taker - Ben Ward
		
		(completed 10m)
	
	ii.	Plan for the “trouble” items and commitment.
		
		Architecture diagrams (everybody has committed to working on them)
			- we need to communicate more effectively (UML diagrams to describe behaviour)
		Acceptance criteria needs to be refined for Sprint 2
		
		(completed 10m)
	
c.	Things (Issues) what should have been included in Sprint 1 plan and missing ( eg Technical Debt Items…) (15 mins)
	i.	BUILD/CI
		
		Setting up CI (jenkins for sprint 2) we are manually building now.
		CI diagram to be completed for next sprint.
		Aquire CI server from Youry.
		
		(Completed 5 mins)
	
	ii.	Architectural diagram (UML) Road Map
	
		Ben will share to everyone architecture diagram.
		(Completed 10m)
	
	iii.	Risk table…
	
		Corey has a risk table from last year and we will work on implementing it for our project.
		Keep the risks high level
	
		*+(Completed 5mins)
	
	iv.	Define “Close” mechanism in JIRA 
		"Finished" items are moved to resolved
		Resolved mechanism means that it needs to be reviewed by the team
		Close mechanism means it's been reviewed. (All finished tasks need to be moved to close by end of sprint)
	
	
	v.	Meeting times:
		Tuesday (9:30 - 11:30), Wednesday (8:30 - 12:00), Thursday (6:30 - 8:30pm), and Saturday (1:00 pm - 3:00 pm) meetings (agreed to by everyone)
		
	vi. Branching/merging policy
			- Branch name syntax (NameSprint#)(feature Optional)
			- Personal branches per work (two people can work on same branch)
			- Don't wait 2 weeks to merge branch to main (pull request)
				- merge to main after functional work done
			- No working on master branch
			- Merge conflicts - members contact the merging conflictor and discusses how to merge code
			- At sprint end create tag on main for sprint end release version. (Corey is in charge)
			
			Create full walkthrough of merging/branching document

		Merge conflict meeting 
			On merge conflict basis
	
d.	Review and complete the details (Tasks, Acceptance Criteria, test) of all the User Stories committed for sprint 1.  Ensure to confirm on the commitments  from each member( 60 minutes ?)
	- everyone can commit 10+ hours of work per week.
	- Log hours, comment on work done in logged work ever other day at the latest.
	- Commit for this lab (completed 26th oct 2016)

e.	Team demo (internal ) – walk thru on Sprint 1 goals (requirements, architecture, design, code, Build / CI , testing, and task close in JIRA) … (60 minutes)
	- present to Ben Heggie (client) Will finish on Tuesday (Nov 1st )
	
f.	Plan for the Sprint 1 documentations and demonstration next week. (who is doing what) and dry runs schedule/plan ( 30 mins?)
	Presentation (everyone covers their own section)
	Powerpoint (Marc)
	Presentation clicker (Ben)
	Burndown chart
	Sprint report
	Presentation - What we did, what we finished, what we did well, what would we do better (sprint review)
	Demo 5 - 10 mins
	
	Dry run will be done the tuesday 10 am before sprint review (30 mins max)
	Setup of sprint 2 finished by Thursday Nov 3rd
	
	(Completed 30 mins)
	